hi guys are chi m 2 k trophies e
this and trophies to the bear of the waste of
So do what the trophy says
this trophy asks us to change
then the car in everything and for everything
add a piece in each category
that there is internal categories e
subcategories that there is inside
of the auto modifier then you start
with the armor the brakes are passed by
spoiler as you see both front and
back then to change
completely the car and I'm not
all available at the beginning of the game
but once the robbery is done with
Michael and Franklin are very likely
most of them are available
of the pieces I need so let's move on
the cpi then we move on handcuffs
here and I'm doing the car I then have
used with franklin and I'm still using e
without having changed it anymore because
they really become polites
hallucinating fiat is hallucinating
then the grids so choose the one
which you prefer that you have available
exactly you should do this thing
after the blow to the bank so that it is
franklin that michael or any
player you wanted to do with
so on the contrary then it has enough
money to do it because the
machine modifications are
very expensive doctor for this machine
they are active in sony it seems from 20 and 30
mila but I remember for that for a
another car that had gone shopping
around 80 thousand baal sailing nearby
then sweet with xenon and plaques
you must also change the horn
so don't make the mistake of leaving
a little bit because you don't like it
changed everything then to the limit it
reported as was then the colors of the
car possible choice between or park
according to me the best chrome that there is
one metallic and metallic colors
normal in my opinion and i spa parks that
you had a shocking way you see it
she was so crazy 2 white so after
the security keys I recommend
add is also the strips
because I don't think you want the ministers not
pay for it on and for the windows and bol
ok, customized miniskirts in
carbon
the eight always with themselves personalized
because I learned that it fills in
carbon machine means not having
plus the color we like spoiler or
back from tamarro suspensions
useless suspensions also to increase
machine statistics
very useful for transmission
machine statistics in fact you have
an implementation at maximum speed
remarkable turbo wheels and here you have to do
both role types and accessories for
wheels is the color of the wheels therefore
be very careful with these things
don't make the mistake of maybe making one e
leave the type of wheels or accessory
you have to do every single thing
so as you can see also here wide
tuning choice and lowrider muscle tip
truly a chance for stuff
hallucinating then made the color of
rims obviously the one that you most
garba of that was not how I see
I left it almost normal gray
because an assent short here are the
tires you have to smoke and also the
custom or bulletproof tires
what you prefer are the same thing
from smoke then I put the blog comic
put the bulletproof tires and also
personalized because the writing of
next to very cool then the
window colors slightly
obscured va well not that it changes then
who knows what
once you play from the holy cast
you will have type 5 seconds pause and then yes
he will block the dinghy there he is there
we see as a person too